Add metric for currently-in-flight HTTP requests (#1378)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: specification/metrics/semantic_conventions/http-metrics.md

Below is a table of HTTP server metric instruments.

| Name                          | Instrument    | Units        | Description |
|-------------------------------|---------------|--------------|-------------|
| `http.server.duration`        | ValueRecorder | milliseconds | measures the duration of the inbound HTTP request |

> | `http.server.active_requests` | ValueObserver | requests     | measures the number of concurrent HTTP requests handled |

Reviewer: Do we want "Active Requests", or "Requests that we've received" and "Requests that we've finished processing" (so we can calculate the currently-in-flight ones)?

Author: I think `http.server.duration` includes "requests we've finished processing".

It would be possible to calculate `http.server.started - count_of_distribution(http.server.duration)` to get the currently in-flight requests, but I think "started requests over all time" is probably the least useful of the three measures (I have no idea what I'd use it for), and you could derive it as `count_of_distribution(http.server.duration) + http.server.active_requests` if necessary.

In my dream world, I could actually have a histogram of "requests in flight by current in-flight time" here, but I don't have enough interest to make people suffer through temporary-histogram-buckets as yet another metric type for this resource.

Reviewer 2: > requests in flight by current in-flight time

This is a GaugeHistogram :grinning: please add feedback on https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-proto/issues/274

> | `http.server.active_requests` | ValueObserver | requests     | measures the number of concurrent HTTP requests handled |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `http.server.active_requests` | ValueObserver | requests     | measures the number of concurrent HTTP requests that are currently in-flight |
```

> | `http.server.active_requests` | ValueObserver | requests     | measures the number of concurrent HTTP requests that are currently in-flight |

Reviewer 2: I'd like this to be UpDownSumObserver, which is what you'd get from using an UpDownCounter instrument (delta temporality) with cumulative conversion.

Author: Done. Not sure how I'd missed that.

| Name                   | Instrument    | Units        | Description |
|------------------------|---------------|--------------|-------------|
| `http.server.duration` | ValueRecorder | milliseconds | measures the duration of the inbound HTTP request |

> | `http.server.requests` | ValueObserver | requests     | measures the number of concurrent HTTP requests handled |

Reviewer 3: To me, this name evokes the total number of requests served, rather than concurrent requests. I recommend having a naming pattern that evokes the concurrent nature of what is being measured.

Reviewer 4: Suggestion is active_requests

Author: `active_requests` would be fine with me, and answers #1370 as well.

| `net.host.name`    | `server`            | see [2] in [label alternatives](#label-alternatives) | See [general network connection attributes](../../trace/semantic_conventions/span-general.md#general-network-connection-attributes) |
| `net.host.port`    | `server`            | see [2] in [label alternatives](#label-alternatives) | See [general network connection attributes](../../trace/semantic_conventions/span-general.md#general-network-connection-attributes) |

> The following labels SHOULD be included in the `http.server.requests` observation:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The following labels SHOULD be included in the `http.server.active_requests` observation:
```

Author: Thanks, fixed!
